<h1>The story behind this project<h1>
<h3>This is a collection of programs that motivated me to further my learning in software engineering and web development.</h3>

<h3>In 2022 (found in the "2022 scripts" folder), I applied my knowledge in Python to automate pump experiments of a conductivity detector for monitoring biocide dosage (M6 pump calibration test.py) and data analysis/visualization to create a time-series plot and calibration curve plot for each experiment (matplotlib plotting script.py). Because of the motivation I had for developing more features for the project and for improving the code, I knew that I wanted to pursue a career in web development where I can apply my problem-solving skills to create products that have an impact on peoples' lives.</h3>

<h3>In 2023, I developed software for automated calibration and data analysis of a volume gauging system to determine the volume of water in an International Space Station storage tank in microgravity. This was accomplished through a central program (FDMG_system_controller v3) by calling functions to control air valves (experiment_sequence_v3) and water valves (tank_water_sequence_v2) to automate the calibration experiment at different water volumes and analyze data from two data capture sources (pandas_data_analysis_graphtec_script_post_auto_v2 and pandas_data_analysis_automation_script_v3). These two analysis scripts each results in a .csv output with the relevant statistics (standard deviation, root-means-squared deviation, and absolute error). They both also output two linear plots as .png images, a calibration curve with a linear fit trendline and an error plot to assess the system in terms of measurement accuracy and precision. While I was developing this software, I was reaching the end of my full stack web development bootcamp and I was able to apply my knowledge from there to write cleaner code with expanded functionality.</h3>
